Questions Question 1 Answer: 5 points Response: 5 points Rubric: Comments: Your understanding of winning probability is accurate Question 2 Answer: 0 points Response: 0 points Rubric: Are the questions answered correctly? (Up to -5 points for each incorrect answer), Is the reasoning for each question correct and supported by the evidence thoroughly? (Up to -5 points for each if incorrect) Comments: Expected value and the reasoning are off Question 3 Answer: 5 points Response: 5 points Rubric: Comments: Your explanation of convergence behavior for the martingale scenario is correct. Question 4 Answer: 0 points Response: 0 points Rubric: Are the questions answered correctly? (Up to -5 points for each incorrect answer), Is the reasoning for each question correct and supported by the evidence thoroughly? (Up to -5 points for each if incorrect) Comments: Winning probability and reasoning are both incorrect. Question 5 Answer: 0 points Response: 0 points Rubric: Are the questions answered correctly? (Up to -5 points for each incorrect answer), Is the reasoning for each question correct and supported by the evidence thoroughly? (Up to -5 points for each if incorrect) Comments: Expected value and reasoning are both incorrect. Question 6 Answer: 5 points Response: 5 points Rubric: Comments: Your explanation of convergence behavior for the martingale scenario is correct. Charts Chart 1: 4 points Chart 2: 4 points Chart 3: 4 points Chart 4: 4 points Chart 5: 4 points Rubric: Are the questions answered correctly? (Up to -5 points for each incorrect answer), Is the reasoning for each question correct and supported by the evidence thoroughly? (Up to -5 points for each if incorrect) Comments Charts deviates significantly from reference solution Code Code Deductions: 0 points Comments: No Code Deduction IMPORTANT: If you have a grading issue, ensure you are utilizing the proper method with the Assignment Follow-Up at https://gatech.instructure.com/courses/411798/pages/assignment-follow-up-guidelines-and-process ensuring you are following ALL instructions. Especially paying attention to the 24/7 Rule. If you submit an Assignment Follow-Up before 24 hours has passed since the grade release or after 7 days, it will be denied. Ensure you are fulfilling all requirements and have valid reasoning that is properly conveyed. "Please note the following requests will be ignored: "I know my answer is wrong but is -X points fair? I think the penalty is too harsh." "I don't agree that this is wrong." "You need to check this again." -- absent a description of the error, such a request will be ignored "I know I said X, but clearly I meant Y" -- we assume you wrote what you meant and meant what you wrote "Another student had the same mistake and was not penalized." -- the fact that someone else was not penalized for a mistake does not make your submission correct Additionally, resubmitting a 2nd regrade request with an invalid argument (i.e., make sure your argument is valid before making a second request on the same penalty) is considered a violation of the regrade process. Any angry or discourteous language will not be tolerated under any circumstances and will result in the loss of your ability to submit future regrade requests."
- Joshua Scott Fox